README for pfind

  Student: Matthew Thomas
  Date: 3/2/2019

Summary:

  This submission contains the files:
	README		-- this file
	pfind.c     -- main logic to process options and display lastlog contents
	lllib.c     -- library functions to open, close, read, and buffer lastlog
	lllib.h     -- header file for lllib
	Plan        -- design document for this assignment
	Makefile	-- the Makefile
	typescript  -- a sample run, including the lib215 test script

Recursive Tools:
	chown	-- change file owner and group
	    sample command line:
	            chown -R mst611 ~/homework_files/
	            
	    description: With the recursive option, chown will change the
	                 owner/group for all files in a specified directory.
	                 In the command line above, 'chown' will make the user
	                 mst611 (me), the owner of all files/directories in the
	                 "homework_files" directory.

	diff	-- compare files line by line
	    sample command line:
	            diff -r test_output_a/ test_output_b/

	    description: With the recursive option, diff will compare the files
	                 and subdirectories it encounters to each other.
	                 "Regular" diff compares the two files specified, while
	                 the -r option can be used to compare directories full of
	                 files.

	getfacl	-- get file access control lists
        sample command line: 
                getfacl -R ~/pfind-hw/
                
        description: With the recursive option, getfacl acts similarly to
                     the -lR option for 'ls'. getfacl will recursively print
                     the name of the file, the owner, group, and the
                     permissions ("rwx") for user, group, and other.

Open File Limit:



Notes:
	A lot of the code to implement buffering was copied from the sample files
	provided in this assignment, utmplib.c and utmp.h. These are the same as
	ones written in lecture #2 for implementing the who program. I modified
	the code to work with lastlog structs (as opposed to utmp structs), and
	added ll_seek() to assist with loading the buffer from the correct position.
	
	For buffering, I set the NRECS value to 512, but also tested with values of
	1, 2, 16, and 2048 to make sure the buffer worked properly. See my plan for 
	more on buffering, but the tl;dr is when loading a new buffer, it reads 
	NRECS in, with the requested record at the start of the index.

	I wrote my code using a combination of BBEdit on the Mac, and server-side
	editing using Emacs. Indentation should be 4-space wide tabs. I checked
	the display of code before submission, and it looked good in Emacs and
	Nano, but weird in Vi (presumably because default is 8-space wide tabs).
	All lines should be under 80-cols wide (with 4-space tabs).
